>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY:
Well, welcome back
to another edition
of "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And of course, as you
know, watching this program
over the years, we dive
into all kinds of subjects,
including, of course,
after-death experiences.
What happens to the human
body, what happens to the soul
when it ceases to exist
in the physical plane?
We don't die, do we?
That's the story of
Sandra Champlain.
An incredible work.
>>SANDRA CHAMPLAIN:
Thank you, George.
Happy to be here.
>>NOORY: So Sandra, we
really don't die, do we?
>>CHAMPLAIN: We don't.
It's an illusion to
think that we die.
>>NOORY: What is on
the other side then?
What's over there?
>>CHAMPLAIN: What's over there?
I think our lives here are
for a purpose-- to love,
to learn, to grow, to
experience emotions.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Right.
Because I'm convinced
that science
has no idea why we're here.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think you
may be onto something there.
However, the attitude that
I take is what I learn,
what I share empowers
people in their life now.
And I don't ever push any
of my beliefs on people.
>>NOORY: Good.
>>CHAMPLAIN: But it's like
these are my experiences,
and these things have helped me.
So heaven, I think,
is a place that
is very close to where
we are right now.
I think that we are all made up
of energy-- science has proven
this, this is not just
coming from my head--
and that we can change our form,
like a pond or a little puddle
after rainstorm will dry up
when a sunshiny day comes.
And although the puddle
no longer exists,
that water still does
exist in just another form.
When we die, our
bodies may be gone.
We can't see them or
touch them, feel them.
However, the George Noory,
the Sandra Champlain
that loves to laugh, that
loves to love, our personality,
we go on.
So heaven is also called
many different names.
But I really love
the word "hereafter,"
because from my investigations,
I really do think it is here,
and I mean right here,
just after we're gone,
that our energy survives
in an invisible place.
And there are
things that we know
are real in the invisible place,
like radio waves and television
signals and our wireless
internet-- very, very real,
but we can't see
them with our eyes.
And some of my investigations
into the world of mediumship
and electronic voice
phenomena has proved to me
that our loved ones
must be right here
to make these things
happen so immediately.
>>NOORY: What kind of a
genius could concoct a plan
where everything like this would
work-- that a soul would enter
a physical body, that the soul
would leave the physical body
upon its physical death?
Who could come up with
something like that?
>>CHAMPLAIN: That is the
question of the ages,
and so incomprehensible
that I don't know.
But I do know, just from my
life and my synchronicities--
and I call many
of them miracles--
that there has to be a
much wiser being or beings,
however-- the universe,
god, whatever you personally
want to call it.
>>NOORY: Whatever it is.
>>CHAMPLAIN: It's the real deal.
It exists.
>>NOORY: When you
were a skeptic,
before you wrote "We Don't
Die," and then things
started to change
for you and involve,
were you in shock that you
believed it all of a sudden?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh, in shock.
Can I tell you the first
medium experience I had?
>>NOORY: Oh, yeah.
Love to hear it.
>>CHAMPLAIN: It was-- holy cow.
I very secretly took a course
with Dr. Doreen Virtue.
>>NOORY: She's good.
>>CHAMPLAIN: She's real good.
And her promise of
the course-- if you
felt drawn to be
in her course, you
are someone who can accurately
tell the deceased people
around others.
>>NOORY: Sense them or see them?
>>CHAMPLAIN: See them.
OK?
So skeptic Sandra was like--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
Right.
Ha, ha, ha.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I also
had a fear of dying.
So the fear of dying
and looking for proof
is what actually had
me take the course.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And I
knew that I was never
going to tell
anybody this story.
So I could just secretly
go take this course.
And I told people
in my life that I
was taking some
self help course.
But I lied.
And when I was greeted by
Doreen and maybe 20 of us
in the class, she
explained how mediumship
works, how our loved
ones are around us,
how our personalities
are the same.
You have to use the same
manners you do in regular life.
You can't just be demanding
that you want a sign
or you want a message.
And so she says, this is
what we're going to do.
She says, we're going to
play make believe medium.
So I'm going to just
talk you through how
we are going to do it.
But we're not really going to
do medium readings right now.
So she says, everybody
grab a partner.
All right.
So I pick a lady.
>>NOORY: A human.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Human.
We sat knee to knee.
She says, somebody go first.
We're going to just use the
power of our imagination.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I'm very
creative, so I can do this.
So I said, well, I'll go first.
She says, I want you
to close your eyes.
Hold hands.
She says, I want you
to imagine you're
in a safe space protected
by a bubble of white energy.
Have a lot of love in the air.
Quiet your mind,
because we always
have this internal mind
that never stops talking.
Imagine your hearts
are connected
by this invisible energy.
And we had to say a
prayer-- whether you believe
in god or the almighty or the
universe, that it's very safe,
and that this will happen--
and very respectively ask,
is there anybody who
belongs to this person that
might want to give a message?
So she's coaching us through
this as we're doing it.
And my eyes are closed.
And so she says, very
often, you see a person.
You might hear a name.
You might know what the
person died of or some things.
Or very often, there's
a profound message
that comes through.
So I've got my eyes closed.
And I'm thinking.
I said, OK.
And I'm inventing
now, I said, you've
got a grandfather
standing behind you.
It's your mom's dad.
And I saw a fishing
boat my mind.
And I said he's a fisherman
in Denmark, or he was.
He's got sandy blond
hair, wind burned
skin, big gap between
his front teeth.
His name is Jan.
That came to my mind.
And he died of lung cancer.
And I saw him puffing
away in my imagination.
And I said, he never told
your mom that he loved her.
So he wants you to tell
her that he loves her.
>>NOORY: He never said that?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Never-- he's
one of those tough dads.
So mind you, I've got my
eyes closed this whole time.
And I'm just doing my part.
So then I open my eyes.
And I say, OK, it's your turn.
You go next.
And there's just streams of
tears coming down her cheeks.
Her grandfather's name was Jan.
He was a fisherman in Denmark.
>>NOORY: Truly amazing.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Chain smoker,
died of lung cancer,
and never did tell his own
daughter that he loved her.
>>NOORY: And this was
just coming to you.
>>CHAMPLAIN: As if I made it up.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I've got
goosebumps right now.
>>NOORY: Were you in shock too?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I was in
shock, because first of all,
if this stuff is possible, why
would it be happening to me?
I don't have any special gifts.
And that told me we don't
have to have special gifts.
>>NOORY: What did you tune
into to pick all that up?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Correct.
And I didn't do research on the
internet, who my partner was,
or any of that nonsense.
It was the real deal.
And then she turned to me
and she did the same thing.
She saw my grandfather, his
German Shepard, the cane
that he always used.
She knew his name was John.
It is mind blowing.
>>NOORY: Remarkable.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Remarkable.
And then I just wanted more.
And unfortunately,
I was wrong as much
as I was right, because
our imagination looks like,
when we get these messages
from deceased loved ones--
and there's fabulous mediums.
And I've studied lot of
James van Praagh's things.
He's brilliant.
And I think there
are people that
are gifted with mediumship.
Some people are
born child prodigies
and they can play
the piano right
off the bat at the age of five.
>>NOORY: That's a gift.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And
there's others that
need to really practice,
practice, practice.
>>NOORY: Right.
And they're still not as good.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Right.
I think we all have inherit
ability to tap into something.
And then there are those
that are really gifted in it.
But I believe we can
all interact and get
in touch with our loved
ones who have crossed over.
>>NOORY: What do
you think it is?
>>CHAMPLAIN: What
do I think what is?
>>NOORY: The other side.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think it's great.
I think it's a place--
>>NOORY: Are they all walking
around in robes and pipes?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I don't think so.
And you know, what's funny
too, that comes to mind
is-- you know I have
a sense of humor.
Somebody wrote a book
"Do Dead People Watch
Me in the Shower?"--
>>NOORY: They probably do.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Because it's a
very scary thing to think--
>>NOORY: And other places.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yes-- that we're
not alone and what is it like?
And after we die are we
just in this middle space
that we're haunting the
people in our lives?
I don't think so.
I think we go forward.
And I've interviewed my
share of people, as well,
and done my studies--
that this life has
a reason and the purpose of our
soul of growing of learning.
So often, they
say that our souls
reincarnate around each other.
My sister could have been my
father in a past lifetime--
things like that.
>>NOORY: Yeah, and
you're together
with friends or whatever.
>>CHAMPLAIN: We are.
And we even know that in life.
When we experience new
things with people we love,
it's a much greater
value than sometimes when
we meet somebody
for the first time.
And so if we do come
back around each other,
we all have our different parts.
And we all have different
things to learn and to grow.
But I think it's a great place.
People say that our senses
are tuned up like 100 times.
There are colors in heaven that
there are no colors for here
on Earth-- that our vision isn't
just what we see with our eyes.
We could see 360.
We can see all around
us, and this knowing.
And I've often wondered,
well, do we have bodies?
And we do, in a way,
because we recognize people,
and we have these
ethereal bodies
that can still feel
a hug or hear music.
>>NOORY: It's whatever
body you want, isn't it?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah, it is.
And some people, when
they die, they see Jesus.
Some people from different
cultures see different things.
And I think there can't be one
heaven that fits all people.
I think it's a lot of our
beliefs and our feelings.
>>NOORY: What is heaven?
>>CHAMPLAIN: What
is heaven-- wow.
I think it's part of a--
>>NOORY: Sort of
repository for the good?
And then if it is--
>>CHAMPLAIN: It's a
hard question to answer.
>>NOORY: --where's the bad?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I mean, is
some evil person,
some serial killer,
going to be mixed
up there with the good people?
I think not.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think not.
But I don't personally
believe that there's
someone judging us-- that
you've had a great life,
so you get to go over here.
And you, not so much.
You're going over here.
>>NOORY: There's got
to be punishment.
>>CHAMPLAIN: There has
to be but is it more
of an internal punishment?
I spoke to a professor who was
an atheist who had a near death
experience--
>>NOORY: Most are.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yes.
And I also spoke to a doctor
who was head of anesthesiology
at a prominent hospital who was
very honest that his life was
about money.
He was making jokes
in the operating room.
>>NOORY: About money?
>>CHAMPLAIN: About people.
He could care less about who
was on the operating table.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Unbelievable.
He said he drove a
real expensive Mercedes
and had a Hummer.
His house, he paid an $11,000
a month mortgage payment.
And both of those two gentlemen,
when they had their near death
experiences, were-- "greeted"
is not the right word.
It felt like hell to them.
>>NOORY: Visited.
Punished.
>>CHAMPLAIN: It was a place
of darkness, of anger.
>>NOORY: It's like Scrooge.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Like Scrooge,
however-- and part of our life
is being responsible for
the impact we've had.
So they saw their
life, the impact
on other people from other
people's point of view,
from their perspective.
And it really intensified.
And both of them, for the
first time, actually prayed.
And this is amazing
that they said this.
And so out of this
darkness, where they really
saw the impact of their
actions, came a little pin prick
of light that grew bigger
and bigger the more they
prayed about it.
>>NOORY: Did they even
know what prayer was?
>>CHAMPLAIN: They
instinctively knew,
because when you're
faced with so much fear,
it was-- they just wanted to
believe in good at that point.
And so the doctor
was actually Hindu.
And this is amazing,
because what
came to him was
Jesus and angels.
>>NOORY: Not Krishna?
>>CHAMPLAIN: And
his wife said, well,
what happened about
the 1,000 gods?
He's like, I don't know.
And maybe it's because--
>>NOORY: This is the
one that happened.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --he's been in
the United States long enough.
And even the
professor, same thing--
he ended up becoming a
minister and totally changed
their lives around.
>>NOORY: The Hindu
became a minister?
>>CHAMPLAIN: No, the
Hindu changed his life
to become a good doctor.
And actually, he talks about
waking people up as opposed
to putting them asleep,
being an anesthesiologist.
But they both made their lives
about making a difference.
And so they say that the hell
was what they experienced.
But there is a way out.
It's not like there's a
place of eternal doom.
But they really got the impact.
And that was their punishment--
was self created punishment.
>>NOORY: Sure.
Electronic voice phenomenon--
we are baffled it.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know.
>>NOORY: I try to play these
sounds on Coast to Coast.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah.
hard to hear, though.
>>NOORY: They're hard to hear.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Sure.
>>NOORY: You can clearly-- you
know there's something there.
I mean, you'll hear it.
The investigator will
say say, say something,
and you'll hear--
[STATIC NOISE].
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Something comes in.
What do you think they are?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think-- and
this took me, actually,
taking a course in this.
You've spoken with Tom and Lisa
Butler, who are awesome people.
>>NOORY: The GIS people.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah, they're
the ATransC people.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah-- Association
of TransCommunication--
because it all sounds well
and good that we don't die,
but where's the proof?
I mean, really-- besides what
I can see in my mind's eye.
So if I can share my course in
electronic voice phenomena, Tom
and Lisa Butler-- regular
folks, real nice--
were explaining
that because we are
all energy that our deceased
loved ones can rearrange
the sound that has been
recorded on a recorder,
whether it's a tape
recorder-- I don't know
if it works on their iPhones.
It probably does.
>>NOORY: And they're better
on digital recorders.
as opposed to the old tape.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah, but
it's still works on--
>>NOORY: It still works.
>>CHAMPLAIN:
--different mediums.
>>NOORY: Now, you don't
hear it with a normal ear
until you play it back, correct?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Correct.
And I know there's people
that are into bunches
of other spirit boxes and
ways you can hear things
a lot of time.
>>NOORY: Let's listen
to one of them, Sandra.
And then we'll come back
and talk about that.
>>CHAMPLAIN: OK.
>>NOORY: Let's
listen to this EVP.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And to listen--
[INDISTINCT SOUND]
--gives me goosebumps
to just do that.
Who am I listening to?
I had the intention in my
mind for my aunt and uncle
and grandmother and
grandfather to come through.
And I can distinctly hear two
male voices and two women--
at least two women's voices
right here in the middle.
And from what I've
been told, the energy
can change it from a male
voice to a female voice.
To me, it sounds
very computerized,
not necessarily like the
voice of my grandmother
or grandfather--
not that I remember
what their voices sounded like.
But it's really cool.
To hear that and know that
I just can't see them,
but there's this
phenomenon, that they're
able to rearrange sound to have
recorded now for eternity--
this will be available to hear.
[INDISTINCT SOUND]
How I got this EVP was in this
weekend retreat about EVPs.
Our homework on
this weekend course
was to go back to our rooms and
practice trying to get an EVP.
And so me, as the person
trying to get the EVP,
had to create this
safe space around me,
had to imagine
that there was just
really intense energy around
me, because people get signs
all the time, whether the
lights are flashing on and off
or the television comes on.
And I believe our loved
ones manipulate energy
to make things happen.
So they're manipulating
energy to get these sounds
on the recorder.
So on my digital
tape recorder, I'm
sitting alone in a cabin at the
Omega Center in Rhinebeck, New
York.
And outside is
just pouring rain.
And they always
talk about you need
some kind of white noise,
some kind of a static noise
that gets recorded so our loved
ones can manipulate that sound.
So I thought, well, maybe
the raindrops would do.
And you have to
know, I must have
tried 20 times prior to
this to hear anything.
And I didn't hear anything.
>>NOORY: You taped
it, played it back.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I played it back.
>>NOORY: Taped it,
played it back.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Taped
it, played it back.
And Tom Butler would put the
recordings into his computer,
really jack up the
sound, and then loop it
so we hear it over
and over again.
>>NOORY: Nothing, yeah.
>>CHAMPLAIN: So on this
particular occasion,
I've got my digital
tape recorder.
And I'm sitting on
my bed in the cabin
all by myself with
just raindrops.
>>NOORY: Mmhm.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And I'm like--
>>NOORY: A little weird.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah,
weird, but truthfully,
I felt like I'm just by myself.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
And I imagine my grandmother,
grandfather, aunt, and uncle
at the foot of the bed.
I press record after
doing the prayer
and creating the safe space.
And I say, if you
guys are really here
and I'm supposed to do something
with this and help people--
>>NOORY: Pop up.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --I need
you to talk loud.
>>NOORY: Now.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And again, I
think I'm talking to myself.
So I said, I'm going to let
this record just a minute.
Then I'm gonna say good night.
>>NOORY: This is from a woman
who used to be a skeptic.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Correct.
>>NOORY: On everything.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Everything.
Oh, I didn't even tell people
I went to this EVP course.
The cab driver who took me
there was the only one who knew.
So it's scary.
I don't want to jeopardize--
>>NOORY: And he's now
written a book about you.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Probably so.
So anyways, I do this recording.
I say, OK, goodnight.
And I turn it off.
So I didn't have the computer.
I didn't have any way
to loop it around.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I put my headphones
into the digital recorder
and I press play.
And I hear my voice.
I hear the raindrops.
And then, I'm flooded
with goosebumps.
I stop.
I rewind.
The second number 46 on
the counter, a male voice
says, goodnight, Sandra.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>CHAMPLAIN: In a
computer garbley sound--
there's two whispers
that are women's voices.
>>NOORY: Clearly, though.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah,
that say, goodnight,
goodnight-- and then
another garbled man's voice
says, goodnight.
And it was that moment that not
only thrilled me, but scared
that heck out of me.
>>NOORY: Freaking out.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Because
are they always with me?
Suddenly, I'm playing
in a world that I
didn't think I should be.
And when I brought it
to class the next day,
Tom and Lisa said, that's a
class A. That is a class A EVP.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeha.
It is.
>>NOORY: Tell me about the
communication mechanism.
What are they trying to do?
Are they using
EVPs to talk to us?
Is that what they want?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I think they do.
I think there's different
ways EVP is being used.
I know from Tom
and Lisa's research
that there's a whole team of
people on the other side that
are trying to work with
scientists to get through
and to bridge the world.
For me, myself, and
I, it dawned on me
that I now have the
credibility to share my journey
into learning mediumship
and the other things,
because now, I can
do these recordings.
And I have worked
with-- privately,
not charging a penny--
probably almost 200 people
to do these recordings,
because here's a for instance.
There was a woman
that her mother
had died in Hurricane Katrina.
She never got to say goodbye.
>>NOORY: Gosh.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Her mother
was one of the seniors.
>>NOORY: Frustrating.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I had met this
woman on an airport shuttle
from San Francisco
airport to the airport.
We both have close
connection times.
And she had just shared with
me about her mother's death.
And I tell you what--
my conscience kicked in
that I have to tell her about
what I've learned so far.
This was long before the book.
And so I said, I've done
these things called EVPs.
And with big eyes, she says,
can you try it with me?
Can we get through to my mom?
And truthfully, I had no
idea if it would work or not.
So we were sitting right
outside her departure gate
at San Francisco airport--
tons of background noise.
You know, all the time.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Please
report to your gate,
and boarding now, zone one.
And so I thought, this
is not going to work.
Well, we said the
prayer, held hands.
This is me with a
total stranger--
press the record button.
And I'm so negative inside
my mind, always the skeptic.
And I'm like, this poor woman's
never going to hear anything.
But when we played
it back-- now,
the woman introduced
herself as Dee.
That was her name.
And you could hear all
the background noise
of the announcements
in the airport.
But it was as if someone was
right next to that microphone
and said, I love you, Elizabeth.
So I heard it right away.
And because I've listened
to so many of them,
my ears pick up what a lot of
times people haven't listened
don't.
And so I said to her, I
said, well, I hear something,
but it doesn't make sense, Dee.
All I hear is, I
love you, Elizabeth.
She says, that's my real
name and only my mother
called me that.
And in that moment, that
lady's life was changed.
She knew mom was still around
and totally changed her view
on her life, of grief,
of life after death.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Amazing.
And I have lots
of those stories.
>>NOORY: When a spirit
reincarnates, is it gone
or can you still communicate
with it on the other side?
>>CHAMPLAIN: I seem to think
that we can still communicate.
>>NOORY: It's almost like
they split or something.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah.
It's really hard to grasp
how this is possible.
So I'm not sure that I can.
I have a friend in
Australia named Duncan.
And he's been told by mediums
that his wife had reincarnated.
And so I told about
this EVP phenomenon.
And he says, can
we try to do it?
Sure.
So I live in Massachusetts.
He's in Sydney, Australia.
He says a prayer to his
wife, if you could just
bop over to
Massachusetts and speak
into Sandra's recorder, that
would make a difference.
And so I'm willing
to try anything.
It takes only about a minute
to record one of these, George.
>>NOORY: That's all?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah, but it takes
maybe an hour to go through it
and really listen
for the whispers.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>CHAMPLAIN: So I didn't
have Duncan right next to me
to say this is right or not.
When I played it
back for myself,
I heard an "I love you, Duncan."
99.9% of the time
when somebody's
looking for a loved one, an
"I love you" comes through.
And that's important for
people to share that.
>>NOORY: Sure is.
>>CHAMPLAIN: But then
there was a "she's
a better housekeeper than me."
That came through.
There was-- it sounded like
a woman singing in French.
And then the weirdest thing
I hear is Pepe Le Pew.
Now, I remember the skunk
cartoon Pepe Le Pew.
>>NOORY: I remember him.
>>CHAMPLAIN: So I call Duncan
back after about an hour,
and I said, well,
I got some stuff.
So I heard the "I love you."
And I said I hear, "she's
a better housekeeper."
He's like, that's
my current wife,
and truthfully, she is
a better housekeeper
than my deceased wife.
And I said, I get somebody
singing in French.
He says, Sandra, my
mom, who's deceased,
used to always sing
me French lullabies.
And now, Duncan's a very
professional artist,
and I was afraid to say this,
but I said, I keep hearing
over and over, sounds
like Pepe Le Pew.
And he just laughed.
He says, that's what I
calked my grandfather.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>CHAMPLAIN: I know.
So how her soul did
that, I don't know.
That's why I just don't think
there's any such thing as time
or space except for
maybe here on Earth.
>>NOORY: Do you think dying is
like being in the dream state?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yes and no.
I think dreams can
be very, very real.
And what we're experiencing
right now is very, very real.
From those I've interviewed,
dying is so much more real.
Everything is more clear.
Everything is a more
sense of knowing.
>>NOORY: Now than before?
>>CHAMPLAIN: What do you mean?
>>NOORY: In terms of knowing.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh,
knowing-- when we're dead,
when we're in
heaven, everything's
so much more clear and
so much more vivid.
So it makes our
life here on Earth
seem like it was just the dream.
And there's a great
little nursery rhyme--
>>NOORY: And it might be.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Row, row, row your
boat gently down the stream.
Merrily, merrily, merrily,
life is but a dream.
And really, what if?
>>NOORY: Who would know?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Well,
we'll know some time.
And who knows if we'll be
able to communicate it back.
But it makes life worth
living to explore this.
>>NOORY: What drives you?
Where's that passion, Sandra?
>>CHAMPLAIN: My passion right
now is I love to investigate.
You love hearing the news
stories and meeting new guests.
Since I've had my book-- it's
been about two years now--
I've done a lot of the talking.
And not that my own
story's not great,
but there's a Sandra
that just loves
to research and learn and
meet people and hear stories.
And so right now, I've
got my own podcast
called We Don't Die.
>>NOORY: Oh, cool.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And I interview
either people that have had
in near death experience or--
>>NOORY: How do
people listen to it?
>>CHAMPLAIN: You
can go to iTunes.
We Don't Die-- type that in.
Or you can go to
wedontdieradio.com.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CHAMPLAIN: And that's easy for
anyone who doesn't know iTunes
to just go and--
>>NOORY: Just like
the title of the book.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah,
wedontdieradio.com-- and see
the guests and press play.
But I've interviewed mediums.
I've interviewed people that
have had near death experiences
and people that were
with a loved one
just moments before they died.
>>NOORY: Many of the
mediums are pretty
fascinating, aren't they?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Real fascinating.
And I only want to
know two questions.
Why do you believe
in life after death?
And how do you live your life
knowing that we don't die?
Pretty powerful conversations.
Every single one gives
people goosebumps.
I've got now people addicted
to listening to the shows,
like when's the next one coming?
So maybe I'll be the
next Coast to Coast.
I don't know.
But I'm passionate about hearing
stories and then connecting
them with people
that want to know,
because even though I believe
in life after death and even
though I've had my
life experiences,
there's something that
feels so good and reassuring
to learn more, to
meet more people,
and then just to
be able to share.
And I've gotten
emails from readers
around the world-- how much
hope and faith they now have
and comfort.
And I spoke at an
event in Scottsdale.
And god bless this woman.
She was too afraid to fly.
She says, I drove 21
hours to meet you.
>>NOORY: To come see you.
>>CHAMPLAIN: To tell
you the difference
that this has made in my life.
And I love that.
And I love people.
Any time we can grow
and learn and somebody
can have a better life,
that's what I'm about.
So if my stories and
my expeditions help,
that gives me great passion.
>>NOORY: Are you 100% sure
that the other side exists?
>>CHAMPLAIN: 100%.
>>NOORY: No doubts?
>>CHAMPLAIN: No doubt,
not for me, none.
>>NOORY: What a change for you.
>>CHAMPLAIN: What did it change?
>>NOORY: It was huge, wasn't it?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Oh, yeah.
And now, here's a problem.
And I think it's
part of our humanity.
We all have the inner skeptic.
We all have the little
voice inside of our heads.
There's a part of being human
that we can't get rid of.
And whether you call it the
skeptical nature-- in the book,
I call it the voice,
because even though I've
shared my story through
my radio show or people
reading the book or now there's
a documentary about me--
changing thousands
of lives, right?
I wake up this morning, knowing
I'm coming on "Beyond Belief."
And now, I knew a
couple of months ago.
And I swore I was going
to eat healthy, exercise,
lose a few pounds.
The first thought in
my mind this morning
was I can't possibly
appear on TV like this.
Nobody's going to
take me seriously.
I'm too big.
Now, I know I'm not alone
in that weight issue.
But the thing is that
this voice in our heads
is not who we really are.
We are so much more powerful.
I don't know what your
thoughts are about yourself,
but I can assume that sometimes
it might be easy for people
to hit the snooze button and
say some negative things.
But if we interview the people
in our life and we ask them,
what do you think of me,
and the most powerful words
will come out of their mouths.
But left to our own devices,
this voice inside of our head
wants to remind us
that-- no, too fat, ugly,
single at the age of 48,
whatever that is, not enough.
But it's not reality.
And so through everything that
I'm up to, it is just a 100%
solid, sure, no doubt about
it that heaven is real,
that the little voice inside of
our head, can't get rid of it.
We just have to embrace it
and know that it's there.
But that's the link that's
having us think that we're just
human beings, that there's
not a bigger picture.
>>NOORY: I'm in no to
get to the other side.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Nor am I.
>>NOORY: But when the time
comes, I'll be ready for it.
How about you?
>>CHAMPLAIN: Yeah.
I'll be ready.
Well, I say I'll be ready.
I still have fear in my life.
I wish I could say I didn't.
I still have communications
I haven't had with people
that I might be a
little hesitant.
There are times that, like
right now, if I were to die,
I'd have some regrets--
things I hadn't gone for,
things I haven't done.
>>NOORY: Things you
haven't accomplished yet.
>>CHAMPLAIN: So the
more I share my story,
the more I talk to people, the
more courage I have in my life,
the more results I have.
So I want a little bit
more time on this lifetime
to do more things--
>>NOORY: Super.
>>CHAMPLAIN: --and do all that.
>>NOORY: Sandra, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CHAMPLAIN: My
pleasure, George.
>>NOORY: It's been a delight.
>>CHAMPLAIN: Thinks.
>>NOORY: Well, you know what?
We don't die, do we?
We exist forever.
And when you have
that understanding,
it surely makes your own
personal life that much better.
I'm George Noory, and you've
been watching "Beyond Belief."